She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
And I took the road less traveled by, just to be a hipster.
There are many cultures where cannibalism is not only permitted but encouraged.
She liked Dune, but it didn't pass the Bechdel Test.
She bought a new plant even though she already had too many.
Seen from a distance, the rock looks like an old castle.
It is necessary that he should be sent there at once.
To expand my knowledge on the topic, I read a book.
She took a screenshot of their conversation to send to a friend.
On her fifteenth birthday, her mom surprised her with a trip to Portugal.
My uncle gave me a pair of purple walking shoes.
He had always wanted to be a Youtuber but never thought it would actually happen.
There’s not much chance of that actually happening.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
She had a hard time guessing what women were nannies and which ones were mothers themselves.
If you don't pay your taxes, the police show up and force you to.
Are you really going to ignore me, after everything that happened yesterday?
The Golden Age in many countries died down due to wars.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Who's calling on the phone this late at night?
I don't mess around with diets; when I'm hungry, I eat.
The sponge absorbed the water quicker than the towel.
There've been some big changes made around here.
The door slammed down on my hand, and I screamed like a little baby.
I had dinner with George Washington last night.
He wanted to go for a walk but it was too cold to go outside.
The rest of the party attendees had fallen silent.
Her ex-boyfriend showed up on her doorstep, crying.
Tom pulled out a big wad of cash out of his pocket.
There is nobody more powerful than someone who is extremely intelligent but also extremely humble.
The cat coughed up a hairball that was almost the same size as she was.
I didn’t want to take a side in the argument.
It only took a single blow from the axe to knock the tree down.
They were short staffed, so it took over an hour for her to get her burrito.
My mom went on vacation and left my dad in charge of the house.
Healthy beautiful smiles are what we like to see.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
Are you honestly saying you believe in ghosts?
Would you like your cash in tens or twenties?
Do you really think you'd be happy in a job like that?
She was curling her hair when she accidentally burned her forehead.
The play ran a big advertisement in the newspapers.
She wasn't sure where all the lesbian bars had gone.
I got my finger stuck in the door when I slammed it.
He had green welding goggles and when he wore them, he looked like a frog.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
She started drinking again because she felt so awkward at social gatherings.
You use this after something broken has been repaired.
I don’t want to be one of those parents who’s always on my phone around my kids.
She was wearing a pink shirt with white polka dots and a green headband.
She wanted an old-fashioned globe with cool, faded colors.
She liked the wallpaper in her room, but her mom insisted they remove it and put up paint instead.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
When she went to the pool, she didn't know what she'd find.
She liked the coffee shop, but the prices were too high for her to justify for herself.
Tommy lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
What time should I drop the kids off at school?
How long was she on the run before they caught her?
She hated the color pink, even though she had loved it as a child.
Do you consider yourself a liberal or a conservative?
She liked the color green, so she decided to make her entire bedroom green, and even installed green carpet.
The baby was so cute but she was crying so loud I had to plug my ears.
According to Haidt’s Social Intuitionist Model of moral judgement, morality is both social and intuitionist.
I was so thirsty, I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
She works for a big advertising firm in New York.
Those hairless cats are completely loyal to their owners.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the green bag.
She hated the taste of butter so much that it made her gag.
Everyone knew about the slimy stuff she was up to.
She liked to pickle all her vegetables, even carrots and onions.
I am the biggest Ariana Grande fan on the planet.
Do not sign a delivery receipt unless it accurately lists the goods received.
The reward outweighs the risk in this situation.
I have a feeling that something big is about to happen.
She needed to pee but didn't want to give up her seat.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
What was I supposed to do, let her throw up on my begonias?
The dog was so tired he fell asleep on the way to his doghouse.
Who broke my limited-edition Spacejam flower vase?
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
She resolved to stop speaking out people when she was out on her walks.
If you don't give me your cookie, I will stomp on your foot and break your toes.
I had a bad feeling the morning after drinking too much.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
In general, people in America tend to prefer bigger cars.
The sponge absorbed the water quicker than the towel.
Kim and Matt are members of the school swim team.
She wanted to paint her walls blue, which she thought was a calming color, but her landlord had a no-paint policy.
I’m the Designed Driver so I'm drinking Shirley Temples.
She lost her AirPods down a storm drain, so she bought more, but she lost those to a lake.
There are chips that I want in that vending machine.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
She liked confidence men and hated herself for it.
I stepped into the elevator and pressed the down button.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
The bike shop had special bike racks out front, which were shaped like bicycle wheels.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please!
My biggest problem is deciding what I should do next.
He wanted to move in with his girlfriend, but she had painted every wall of her house pink, and he couldn't stand it.
The tornado went down her street, straight past her house, and picked up a raccoon.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
I want more detailed information.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
At last
On each full moon
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Greetings from the real universe.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.